we selected a team practically
all new
the staff and had even experience of
organization own competition project
but the team was relatively
well committed
we have evolved a lot of cars we have
a project last year on types such as
this project because the car is good and
trustworthy
I think I've already finished enduro with
a good placement is testing that the
did
taking all that is to have the experience
who played in a year on the track and see what
that works
and we have to design have to
build have you have work in
team is timeline
There's everything here. It's complete. It's a
experience that everyone should have
bruguera if you learn a lot
will not have in the classroom
one thing is you see in theory is not another
thing is you put into practice this
will come on time with solutions you
I never imagined that I would need to know
deal with a timeline with the boss
called by the teacher charging time
charging service and always trying to do
the right is to learn to learn
even learn that people are building
the race that this professional thinks very
interesting because it has everything
working with all areas from the
marketing even with the own engineer
mechanic developing the project until the
person who will attend will organize
more workshop shows how the
our administration
It's just an experience of a car is a
life experience an experience of
to be the team friendship work and everything
just watched apps the mechanical engineers
in Mauá is a perfect competition is not
only do mechanical engineering business
It is building the marzipan Mogiana
and having fun here after the
weekend, besides being able to take a
prize of united competitions do what
Do you like with your friends and learning?
presenting his power
it is still good that it offers and the
people have to enjoy it and it was one
something everyone should do at least
some time for scientific what about
It's good to have such an opportunity.